Why plot?
	Statistics are numbers that describe our data for us. (e.g. mean, variance, odds ratio, p-value, ES/CI...)
	Our purpose in doing statistics, then, is to summarize & describe our data.
	The same is true of our plots. A good plot communicates as much information to the reader as possible
What is a bad plot?
	A bad plot is one that does little to describe our data. For example...
	(Run through the shitty Excel interaction plot)
	Why do I think this is a bad plot? We've only fed four pieces of information into it, and four pieces are all we get out
	You may as well have just put the means in a table and saved some space... 
	-- I'm smart enough to know that the difference between 9 and 10 is smaller than the diff between 9 and 14.
What would a better plot tell you?
	VARIANCE. Everything depends on variance. Plots that don't show uncertainty implicitly claim that r (or r^2) is 1.0.
	-- STATISTICAL SIGNIFICANCE. Beta = .01 could be signifiant and beta = 23.4 could be insignificant depending on variance
	DISTRIBUTION. Where's the data at? 68% of our data got thrown away and the rest got folded into averages.
	-- Do we even have the same amounts of data at EACH of the +/- 1 SD extremes?
	---- An even more serious question in survey data where you don't have luxury of orthogonality!
	FIT. Does the linear model fit the data well at all points along the relationship?
	-- We don't know because there's a huge HERE THERE BE DRAGONS in the middle of our plot
Why are we so bad at plotting?
	Exploration / exploitation tradeoff. We found a thing that works (barely) and we'll do it till we're dead.
	Making figures for figures' sake. Plots as ritual instead of information.
	Malfeasance? Harder for your audience to know what your data REALLY look like in a bad plot!
	-- NB: Plotting is a great way to understand your data & discover weirdness (e.g. cutoffs for bad performance, etc)
	Making good plots seems like too much work.

But it isn't!
GGPLOT2 can give you a LOT of great, informative plots, very quickly, for very little effort.
	(but if you're going to be a spaz about finnicky details you'll have to do some work and research)

"Statistical rituals largely eliminate statistical thinking in the social sciences" - Gigerenzer.
These old plots are just ritual.
I want to give you a tool that enables you to stop the ritual and begin thinking critically about statistics,
	and to do so in a way that lets you take creative pride in the results.

Intro to R:
	Object-oriented	
	Uses indexes (logical or numeric or even by name)
	Long data, not wide. "Reshape" package if necessary.
	Can export and import data as tab-delimited spreadsheets using read.delim and write.table
	Install custom packages with install.packages('ggplot2')
	Load custom packages with require(ggplot2)
The grammar of graphics:
	stats - a number dependent on your data
	-- e.g. number of obs w/in a bin, probability density at a point, smoothed fit, identity
	scales - converts data and stats into drawing units
	-- e.g. mean of 2 becomes 60 pixels above the axis, or factor A becomes the color blue
	-- continuous, discrete? between 0 and 1? -100 and +100?
	-- and coordinate system! cartesian is most common, but polar for pie charts, map of USA...
	geoms - the objects drawn to represent the stats in the scaled space.

So to sum it all up, a plot is just:
	Data
	Statistic of the data
	Scales & coordinates
	A geometric object

How do you put these into GGPLOT2? Arguments:
	data= [your dataset here]
	The aesthetic wrapper
	x = x-axis variable
	y = y-axis variable
	col= or fill= or pch=
	cex=

If you want it to vary as a function of the data, it goes INSIDE the aes wrapper
If you want to set it & forget it for all points on that layer it goes OUTSIDE the wrapper

Default arguments in the base object,
Specific arguments in the specific object.

How to make a scatterplot
How to put the continuous predictor in
Fitting the regression lines
	Comparing LM with LOESS

Storing ggplots to objects
Recalling the objects
	- With additional arguments
Saving the ggplots to publication-ready images

How to handle two continuous predictors?
	-You have my blessing to do a little binning. on one, not both.